if somebody told you a fart if somebody
lied this like any story worth telling
is all about it that guy you want me to
trade in my car for calculating the
ashamed of who you are not ashamed of
Who I am be ashamed I'm ashamed ashamed
I'm ashamed school paper Parker let's do
it actually I think you look cuter
without those things I don't really have
a glasses fetish anyway
she's his Park in New York she's
that's terrific school paper cut best
thing in the world for a kid your age
I'll send you a nice box of Christmas
meat that's not gonna do get out of here
bring me more Christmas meat I just need
my father around he's coming
come on kid
wait stay there I'm gonna come over
remember your little accident in the
laboratory we think though me beyond
your wildest dreams and it's only the
beginning you don't trust anybody that's
your problem
I trust my barber well he was barber it
is the real truth there are eight
million people in - I'm late and I
picked up a fruitcake who is this lovely
fruitcake
MJ like you to meet my father Norman
Osborn
all right so much about you great honor
to meet you sir I've been looking
forward to poop cake I'm going to direct
hi doggie go home dear you're not
Superman you know the cock haven't seen
one of those on your face since Mary
Jane was here hey
Harry's in love with her she's still his
girl isn't that up to her she's still
his girl would it be so dangerous to let
Mary Jane know how much you care
everybody else knows she's still his
girl
mr. Osborn
either fruitcake
Who am I I'm spider-man
a stinks and I don't like it